hey there I'm Shannon so today I'm going
to show you guys something that I have
requested hundreds and hundreds of times
and that is how I changed my hair color
so frequently without damaging it and so
I'm going to show you guys this process
that involves no bleach and no damage to
get this really really dark blue color
out of my hair so I can go a really
pastel blue so I since I've dyed this I
have not shampooed my hair at all
so I shampooed my hair in like a month
and it's still bleeding I'm not sure if
you can see on my hands but I'm going to
shower and I'm going to scrub my hair
with like anti dandruff shampoo we're
probably just regular shampoo that's all
I have and I'm probably going to do it
like three times and then I'll come back
with damp hair and show you guys the
rest so I just got out of the shower and
I wash our hair for time and kind of as
I expected it's exactly the same color
and nothing happened so you may have
heard of this before and this is called
like a bite of a see method and all you
need is vitamin C pills from like
Walmart or something I'm pretty sure
this was like five dollars shampoo and
then if you think your color is really
not going to come out you can use dish
soap which I really wouldn't buy because
this will give you
minor damage just because it'll be so
dry your hair might break off if you
don't know how to take care of it but
I'm going to use this just because of
how blue and deep my hair color is so my
sister was really nice and decided to
crush up all the vitamin C pills for me
already and I have like 15 I think
and every pill is a thousand milligrams
and inside this bowl I'm going to fill
it with equal parts shampoo and AJAX so
I can get like max
left okay so this is what it looks like
and makes it out of a should be probably
pretty frothy all right so once it looks
like this just put it through your hair
not using blows it's not damaging to
your skin it doesn't hurt at all so I'm
just going to rub it through and I'll
get back to you
so as you can see actually I don't know
if you can see it but the foam on my
hands is blue and it wasn't in the
shower which is good sign it means that
this little mixture is working so I'm
going to leave this on for about an hour
and I can guarantee you it's not all
going to come out this time it might
even take somewhere close to 10 times
which I would recommend doing over a
matter of days your shower cap that
works but since I do this so often I I
would go broke for buying shower caps so
I'm just going to put this bag on my
head
yay okay so I'm definitely going to have
to use this a couple more times at least
tonight and I may even have to do it
tomorrow morning so I'm not sure I'll
come back to you with the final result
in video form before I take pictures and
stuff and before I dye my hair the
lighter blue so I would either get back
to you tonight or tomorrow morning so hi
guys i am back it's been about an 8 and
a half and I have done what I just
showed you about 15 times like
legitimately I did all day like 10 hours
straight and now I have this like
stained bar mess at this point if you
were going to go a color completely
different from what you already have or
what your stain is the next best step
would be to bleach back which I'm not
going to do and I almost never do it
just because I usually go a color that
is really close in this case I'm going
this light blue is called observe that
should cover this and the light purple
stains so this is one of my VP fashion
hair extensions that are already dyed
and being processed but it's about the
same color at least the same depth of
color as the blue in my hair so it
should take really well so I'm going to
dye my hair this color and then I'll
probably see you guys again tomorrow
morning or something or really late
tonight with my extensions in and we'll
talk more about that and I'll see you
soon hey guys I am back and this is a
finished product and I'm super happy
with it the blue took over the other
blue really really well and it blends
almost perfectly in my opinion it's a
little darker on my actual hair just but
that was bound to happen
so yeah it looks good before I go really
quick though I want to mention that
these on my new VP fashioned hair
extensions and they made changing my
hair color possible because so hard to
get old color out of hair extensions
ease well this was on floor so it's kind
of disgusting but this was my old color
just for comparison these extensions are
a lot longer and I'm really excited
about it because makes me look kind of
elven
I don't know if you guys want to pick up
your own pair of VP fashion extensions
like these these are my new 24-inch
260 grand ones I'm going to have a link
in the description with a coupon code
and make sure you enter that coupon code
which I think is my name if it's not all
change in the description for a discount
and it really helps me out give this
video a thumbs up if you're going to try
this or if you're going to switch
haircolor soon I love you so much and I
will see you soon bye kiddies